Courtney Kelly
Lab 8 
report2.txt

Part 1:  coding a small bit of your project
-------------------------------------------
	GitHub repository: https://github.com/courtneykelly/logicCircuitDesign

	I submitted my testing code both in my dropbox and our group's git hub repository in 
	/logicCircuitDesign/courtney/test. The file test.cpp flashes back and forth with the 
	between two pictures of Professors Scott found on his website. The user can exit the 
	window at any time. This program got me comfortable and used to using SDL_image and time 
	delays. Both are important to the sucess of our project.

Part 2: Documentation 
---------------------
 
+15 Explains how what you completed works internally
	Internally, test.cpp first creates two const integers for the screen width and height. 
	These are const becuase they should not be able to be modified my the user. It then 
	initializes 5 functions: 
		bool init(); 	starts up SDL and creates window by calling the function init()
		bool loadMedia1();	these functions are to load the two images of Prof Scott
		bool loadMedia2();
	It then initializes a SDL_Window, where I will render all my surfaces, etc. It then
	initilizes three surfaces, one for the screen (the surface contained by the window), 
	and two other surfaces, one for each image of Prof Scott.			
		void close1(); 		Frees media and shuts down SDL
		void close2();
	These two functions will clean up and close the surfaces once the user exits. In main
	the program first calls the init() function which starts up SDL and creates the window.
	It then loads the media, so it calls loadMedia1() and loadMedia2(), which use SDL_LoadBMP
	to load the images of Prof Scott. It then creates an SDL_Event and a while loop that 
	will only exit when an quit click event occurs. In the loop it applies image1 using 
	SDL_BlitSurface(, it then updates the surface using SDL_UpdateWindowSurface(, then it delays
	using SDL_Delay(). It repeats this proocess with image2

+40 A time log of what you worked on for the project
	3/8: Lab 5:00-5:50
	3/15: Lab 5:00-5:50
	3/19: Watched SDL tutorials for a collective 4 hours
	3/21: Wrote a compilable program: 3 hours

Part 3: show us what you learned
--------------------------------
	I learned many intersting things about SDL for this lab. I got a basic understanding of how SDL
	works as well as rendering. In order to make an image appear on the screen you first have to make
	a window, but you also have to make a surface corresponding to that window. The surface is necessary
	so you can place things on the screen. You can't just place an image on the screen, you have to
	create a smaller surface first, load the image onto that surface, and then put that surface on
	the surface for your Window. In order for the user to interact with the program, you will need to 
	put all your actions within a while loop. In this while loop you need to create an SDL_Event. This
	picks up things like mouse clicks or mouse movements. SDL events will be crucial to the success of 
	our project because it's highly interactive.

	I will utilize what I learned through the tutorials for our final project. We will need a window, 
	and a main action while loop keeping track of different SDL events so the user can interact with
	the window. We will need either images or drawings for all of our inputs and gates. We will have a 
	Window class, a block class, a gate class, a wire class, etc. 

	I completed the rubric I made a few labs ago by going through the SDL tutorials and creating 
	something that compiles.





